this is a very cool car this is a
replica of a 1955 550 Spyder this is
actually kind of a replica of the one
that James Dean had that he died in it's
got the red stripes the silver silver
paint finish really close it's the only
thing they didn't put on there's just
was a painting on the back that said
little bastard that was the name of his
car but you can add that if you wanted
to it's got four-wheel disc brakes it's
got these hubs on there that make it
look like the original drum brake but
they're there discs behind there those
are just do little covers a low
windshield wipers it's kind of tube
chassis you can see the frame inside the
vehicle and that's encapsulated by a
Volkswagen tub which is really nice this
cars registered as a 66 Volkswagen which
is good for insurance purposes and also
no emissions due in California would
that set up early style gauges
if they over bone knobs you can also get
a banjo wheel for this if you wanted to
look make it look more authentic but
personally I like the Nardi wheel polish
Nardi wheel it's got racing style
seatbelts just lap belts it's fiberglass
to the early style headlights covered
headlights this one has a few upgrades
like an oil cooler it's got some brake
ducting
racing-style fuel cap it has latches on
the hood and trunk but it has these
additional leather straps kind of for
looks but I guess he's gonna focus it
does hold it down it's like a 4-wheel
motorcycle
awesome looking car lots of fun in the
corners great fuel economy being a
Volkswagen powered vehicle out of style
here's the 550 Spyder exposed where the
lids open there's the fuel tank oil
cooler lines brake duct cooling
conducting their cool
engine compartment it's a 19-15 CC
Volkswagen engine dual carburetors set
the Weber's on their nice tuned exhaust
with the jet coating Magnaflow mufflers
it's got a bus trans axle in it it's
stronger with reverse gears that's how
they're able to put the engine in here
backwards make it a mid-engine
spare tire mount there with a cover this
one has adjustable bill Steen's which is
an expensive upgrade sway bars there's
the back of the disc brakes kind of
hidden from the view with those covers
on the outside
big clamshell opens up its really light
easy to open up and easy access to work
on it if you're mechanically inclined
any little Volkswagen shop can tune this
and keep it running for you it's pretty
easy it's got a little over 90
horsepower on a 1200 pound car it's got
plenty of zip and get up and go
it's a four-speed transmission got the
really nice aluminum pedals and
emergency brake assembly
let's go around the corner here
fire this thing up for you
okay it's got a push button start so you
turn the key on holding the clutch
a bit of a job to get out but hey climb
over the door if you want but I open the
door on this one
give me the motor
well if you want to see this one in
person you're welcome to come by
California cars we're at 389 each
Thousand Oaks Boulevard
Thousand Oaks our phone numbers eight
one eight five nine one one three one
three and you can speak to myself rich
for Gary thanks for watching